Allow overriding GBFS system_id with configuration (#4147)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: docs/RouterConfiguration.md

   // Optionally specify the language version of the feed to use. If no language is set, the first language in the feed is used. 
   "language": "en",
   // if it should be possible to arrive at the destination with a rented bicycle, without dropping it off
   "allowKeepingRentedBicycleAtDestination": true,

>    // Optionally, it's possible to override the system_id from the data to set the feed id for the network but
>    // it should be avoided if the system_id is sensible and there is no need to change it
>    "network": "socialbicycles_coast"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // The network is used to set the feedId for the GBFS imported data. It override the system_id from the data. 
   // This parameter is optional - Avoid using the network config parameter if the system_id is sensible and 
   // there is no need to change it.
   "network": "socialbicycles_coast"
```
